feat: add no-confusing-set-time rule (#1425)
jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest: docs/rules/no-confusing-set-timeout.md

# Disallow using confusing setTimeout in test (`no-confusing-set-timeout`)

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

> This rule will raise a warning about confusing `jest-setTimeout` in test.

Reviewer: Generally this section tends to describe the situation that the rule addresses rather than the specifics of the rule itself - so it shouldn't start with "this rule" since that's what the "rule details" section generally starts with.

Instead this should talk more about the situation as described in #1366 - something like "While `jest.setTimeout` can be called anywhere in a test file implying its stateful, it actually applies to the entire file and is called before any test starts..."

## Rule details

This rule describes some tricky ways about `jest.setTimeout` that should not
recommend in Jest:

- should set `jest.setTimeout` in any testsuite methods before(such as
  `describe`, `test` or `it`);
- should set `jest.setTimeout` in global scope.
- should only call `jest.setTimeout` once in a single test file;

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js

> describe('A', () => {

Reviewer: Can you expand these examples so they're not just using single letters for the titles

# Disallow using confusing setTimeout in test (`no-confusing-set-timeout`)

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

While `jest.setTimeout` can be called multiple times anywhere within a single
test file only the last call before any test functions run will have an effect.

## Rule details

> his rule checks for several confusing usages of `jest.setTimeout` that looks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule checks for several confusing usages of `jest.setTimeout` that looks
```

# Disallow using confusing setTimeout in test (`no-confusing-set-timeout`)

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

> `jest.setTimeout` can be called multiple times anywhere within a single test
> file. However, only the last call will have an effect, and it will actually be
> invoked before any other jest functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `jest.setTimeout` can be called multiple times anywhere within a single test
file only the last call before any test functions run will have an effect.
```

## Rule details

> This rule describes some tricky ways about `jest.setTimeout` that should not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This rule describes some tricky ways about `jest.setTimeout` that is not
```

Reviewer: fwiw this should actually be "are" since its multiple; but I've suggested a bigger rewrite to this below.

> This rule describes some tricky ways about `jest.setTimeout` that should not
> recommend in Jest:

Reviewer: How about this:

```suggestion
This rule checks for several confusing usages of `jest.setTimeout` that looks like it applies to specific tests within the same file, such as:

- being called anywhere other than in global scope
- being called multiple times
- being called after other Jest functions like hooks, `describe`, `test`, or `it`
```

> - should set `jest.setTimeout` in any testsuite methods before(such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- should set `jest.setTimeout` in any test suite methods before (such as
```
